README.md, before:

# 🌐 Network Traffic Analyzer

**A simple tool to monitor your network traffic and stop hackers in real time.**

## 🤔 What does this do?
Think of this project as a **smart security camera for your internet connection**. It tracks all the data coming in and out of your system to make sure everything is safe and normal. 

If it spots something suspicious—like a hacker trying to overload your network to take it down (a DDoS attack)—it immediately catches the problem and alerts you. 

### ✨ Key Features
- 👀 **Live Monitoring:** Get a real-time, easy-to-understand visual representation of your internet traffic.
- 🚨 **Automatic Threat Detection:** It constantly watches for unusual patterns that point to a cyberattack.
- ⚡ **Super Fast & Scaleable:** It's built to handle incredible amounts of data without skipping a beat, no matter how large your network is.

## 📸 Dashboard Preview
Here is what you see when the project is running:

![Network Traffic Dashboard](assets/dashboard.png)

## 🚀 How to run it
It's very easy to start the project. Just follow these steps:

**1. Download the code:**
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/netflow-ddos-spark.git
cd netflow-ddos-spark
```

**2. Start the system:**
```bash
docker-compose up -d
```

**3. Open the dashboard:**
Go to `http://localhost:8501` in your web browser to view your live network traffic!

---

*For developers: Under the hood, this project uses Go, Apache Spark, and Kafka to process massive volumes of network data with zero downtime.*

Commit message:

docs: Enhance README dashboard preview with multiple detailed screenshots and descriptions.

README.md, after:

# 🌐 Network Traffic Analyzer

**A simple tool to monitor your network traffic and stop hackers in real time.**

## 🤔 What does this do?
Think of this project as a **smart security camera for your internet connection**. It tracks all the data coming in and out of your system to make sure everything is safe and normal. 

If it spots something suspicious—like a hacker trying to overload your network to take it down (a DDoS attack)—it immediately catches the problem and alerts you. 

### ✨ Key Features
- 👀 **Live Monitoring:** Get a real-time, easy-to-understand visual representation of your internet traffic.
- 🚨 **Automatic Threat Detection:** It constantly watches for unusual patterns that point to a cyberattack.
- ⚡ **Super Fast & Scaleable:** It's built to handle incredible amounts of data without skipping a beat, no matter how large your network is.

## 📸 Main Features & Dashboard Preview
Here are a couple of screenshots showing what the project looks like when it is running:

**Live Traffic Dashboard**  
Monitor top active subnets, destinations, and connections in a clean, real-time overview.
![Live Traffic Dashboard](assets/dashboard_main.png)

**Security Alerts**  
Instantly see high-priority security alerts when cyberattacks (like DDoS or Port Scans) are detected.
![Security Alerts](assets/dashboard_alerts.png)

**Enriched Raw Traffic**  
If you want to dig deeper, view all incoming and outgoing connections directly through the data feed.
![Enriched Traffic](assets/dashboard_traffic.png)

## 🚀 How to run it
It's very easy to start the project. Just follow these steps:

**1. Download the code:**
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/netflow-ddos-spark.git
cd netflow-ddos-spark
```

**2. Start the system:**
```bash
docker-compose up -d
```

**3. Open the dashboard:**
Go to `http://localhost:8501` in your web browser to view your live network traffic!

---

*For developers: Under the hood, this project uses Go, Apache Spark, and Kafka to process massive volumes of network data with zero downtime.*
